Docs – README.md update around documentation contributions (#12850)
apache/druid: README.md

---

[Website](https://druid.apache.org/) |

> [Documentation](#documentation) |

Reviewer: It looks like the intention of this link is to point to the documentation like the others in this section. Suggest leaving as-is.

### Documentation

> The [latest documentation](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/) is published with each official release to the [project website](https://druid.apache.org), where documentation for [previous releases](https://druid.apache.org/docs/) is also made available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [latest documentation](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/) for the documentation for the current official release.  If you need information on a previous release, you can browse [previous releases documentation](https://druid.apache.org/docs/).
```
Avoid passive

> Make documentation and tutorials updates in [`/docs`](https://github.com/apache/druid/tree/master/docs) using [MarkDown](https://www.markdownguide.org/) and contribute them using a Pull Request.

Reviewer: I think pull request is not a proper now: "pull request"
Also, since we don't currently have a guide for docs contributors, maybe we can say that they should read the Contributing section of the Community guide https://druid.apache.org/community/

Reviewer 2: Agreed, the usual term is "pull request" or "PR".

I did a doc change way back when. I seem to recall there are instructions for how to set up the build system/checker/whatever we use. I seem to recall it will build the docs, complain about your boo-boos, and serve the results as a web page. We should link to that info (assuming I'm not imagining it) here.

Author: Done :)
